tired of being what you want me to be
feeling so faithless lost Under The Sur
don't know what you're expecting of me
but under the pressure of walking in
your Sho caught in the undertone just
caught in the undertone every step that
I take is another mistake to you caught
in the under toe just caught in the
under
toe I become so long I can't feel you
there become so TI so much more aware
I'm becoming this all I want to do is be
more like me and be less like you can't
you see that you're smothering me
holding too tight be afraid to lose
control cuz everything that you thought
I would be is Fallen apart right in
front of you C in the undertone just
the under toe every step that I take is
another mistake to you the under toe
just calling the under toe and every
second I waste is more than I can
take become so numb I can't feel you
there become so tired so much more WR
where I'm becoming this all I want to do
is be more like me and be left like you
and I
know I
may the
failing but I
know you were just like me with someone
disappointed in
you I become so M I can't feel you there
become so tired so much more aware I'm
becoming this all I want to do is be
more like me and be less like I will
become so long I can't feel you time to
being what you want me to
be I become so I can't feel
you be what you want me to be
he
in this
farewell there's no blood there's no Al
by cuz I've drawn regret for the
truth of a thousand lies so let Mercy
come and
wash away
what I
done I'll face myself to cross out would
I be
come you raise
myself and let go of what i' done but
you rest what you thought of me while I
clean this L with the hand
of
uncertainty so let Mercy
come and
wash
away what I
done I'll face myself to cross out what
I be
come you race
myself and let go of what
for world I
done I start again and whatever thing
may
come today
this ends I'm forgiving
water I'll face myself to cross out what
I think
come erase
myself and let go of what I love
what
I
forgiving I